hello everyone this is mr bring junkie
here
and today we're going to be talking
about a superhero film called
psychokinesis
be ready for some spoilers ahead
rumi is the young owner of a fried
chicken restaurant
instead of going to university she works
at her shop to support her mother
their lives became hard ever since
rumi's father have left them with
nothing
the mother says that she was forced to
sell hair clippers in the subway
when roomie was growing up during one
night
while roomie is sleeping in her store a
crowd of men wearing construction hats
tries to barge into the restaurant's
front windows
she immediately wakes up and calls her
friend but he tells her that they have
gotten to other shops already
and that he will come to help her soon
the men begin breaking everything
and rumi tries her best to stop them
they toss her outside the restaurant
while she yells and struggles her mother
arrives to help her daughter with little
success
she drives her van towards them but
crashes soon after
the man drags her outside but
accidentally drops her head on the curb
roomy runs to help her mother but finds
that she's no longer breathing
her friends arrive at the scene only to
witness the tragedy that has already
happened
they quickly bring her to the emergency
room and waits anxiously
but a loud beep confirms the mother's
time of death
before she died a tear rolled down her
mother's eye
and coincidentally a meteorite crashes
nearby
its shell opens and the liquid drips
into the ground
and the water system eventually arriving
onto a man's water cup
he drinks the water and feels something
weird
he tries to tell everyone that the water
is polluted
but no one seems to listen the man's
name is heon
he works as a security guard in a
building and
constantly steals from the company but
seriously
do you really need to steal toilet paper
i thought kovit didn't happen back then
anyways he flirts and gives some of the
stolen stuff to the cleaning lady
but gets her into trouble as a result
he goes drinking later that night and
feels a sharp pain in his stomach
he struggles with the pain and
accidentally moves the tables
with his newfound powers but he does not
seem to be aware of it
he goes home to sleep and when he tries
to reach for the cigarette lighter
it flew into his hand at will before he
can make sense of everything
he receives a call from his daughter who
tells him
that her mother has died heon arrives at
the funeral
and he almost didn't recognize his
daughter
they sit down and tries to talk but
their relationship
is obviously very strained the group
responsible for rumi's mother's death
comes to pay
their condolences rumi furiously tells
them to leave
just before a fight can break out lumi's
boyfriend shows up and stops the two
parties
stating that everything should be done
according to law
they offer roomy cash but she throws it
back at them
in anger the boyfriend introduces
himself to the father
and brings him to the restaurant and
explains the politics of the situation
a large company is trying to rebuild
this area
and has acquired the permits to evict
all the tenants
this means many of them will lose their
livelihood
and they refuse to leave without proper
compensation
the thugs led by their boss mr ming was
hired to evict all the people by
force he on asks the boyfriend why he's
helping them
and what his relationship is with rumi
he stutters and says that they're only
friends
heon tells him not to lead her on unless
he's sure
about their relationship and leaves
heon walks home reminiscing about his
daughter
and in a fit of rage throws his fist in
the air
which resulted in the nearby objects
flying into the same direction
he runs home quickly and tries to use
his powers
and he manages to levitate numerous
items
at will he goes to work early the next
morning
asking his boss about how much a
magician can make
the answer was quite a bit more than he
was expecting
roomie and the store owners paced her
respect to roomies
mother and they meet up in the
barricaded mall
where they decide to hold out against
the eviction
heeon speaks against such action for the
safety of his daughter
he also thinks that their efforts are
futile against such
large company the people become angry
with what he
said and his daughter tells him to leave
heon goes to a show production and
convinces the boss to hire him as a
magician
he tries to call roomie for the good
news but she never picks up
he goes back to the plaza where he tells
roomie to speak alone
he tries to show his power to his
daughter multiple times
but she was never impressed she becomes
angry and frustrated at her father
and blames him for leaving them in such
precarious situation
heon explains that he had no choice
because he owed
a large debt and did not want his family
to
suffer because of it roomie tells her
father to leave
and blames him for being a coward and
never fighting for his family
as heon walks down the street he sees
multiple cars heading towards the plaza
and he knows something is wrong he
quickly runs back and finds the thugs
fighting with the store owners
he accidentally uses his power to defeat
the man
rushing towards him he then goes on to
dismantle many of the thugs
by throwing them left and right the
funniest part
is when he grabs onto one of the men and
makes him
dance as if he was in the circus mr
mint's right hand man
takes this moment to record heon using
his powers
soon the police shows up and heon is
forced to hide his powers
right away they are all escorted to the
police station
and mr min tries to show the officer
their footage
but funny enough due to heon's abilities
the footage looks like the thugs were
faking everything
the officer has no choice but to tell
both sides
to leave at night time heon brings a ton
of scrap metal to barricade the entrance
he places all the metals in front of the
street so that the thugs cannot get in
but my gosh the way he uses his power
it's a little hard to take him seriously
his display
even scared the boyfriend a little as he
stares at what his potential
father-in-law is doing with his hip
some of mr ming's thugs are too afraid
to continue with the eviction
and are asking to resign he also gets a
phone call for meeting with the
company's director roomie becomes more
accepting of his father
after seeing how her friends view him as
a hero
they sit down to have some lunch and she
shows her care for heon's health
while using his power but he on assures
her
that he feels just fine mr min meets
with the company director
at lunch to their surprise she's a
beautiful woman
what they didn't expect was to get beat
up right away and have their voices
recorded as
insurance before they can even touch the
food on the table
she gives mr men 48 hours to evict the
tenants
and comes up with a plan to make this
happen
a couple of police officers arrived to
arrest heon
for stealing candies from his security
job
they handcuffed him and brings him to
the police station
rumi's boyfriend receives a phone call
about a man
who turned himself in for murdering
roomies mother
which was planned by the director as a
scapegoat
the boyfriend arrives at mr min's office
only to find everything gone they closed
down their original company
and opened a new one to avoid the
negative stigma around roomies mother
he caused rumi to run as they have
clearly
lost the battle the director visits heon
in the police station
and offers him two options one they can
fend for themselves as convicts
or two they can work for her company and
cooperate in the eviction
she leaves them with a business card to
think it over
an army of police officers arrived with
excavators and bulldozers to take down
the barricades of the plaza
the store owners used molotov cocktails
to ward off the invasion
but with little effect mr kim is trapped
under a fallen structure in all this
chaos
and rumi tries to help him both barely
escapes death
when the bombs were ignited by accident
the boyfriend calls roomie and tells
them to head to the rooftop
and escape to a neighboring building
while in the holding cell
heon steals one of a police officer's
phone and sees the news
after realizing his daughter is in
danger
he breaks open the cell doors and flies
outside
he crushes the director's car and flies
towards the plaza
heon has some trouble controlling his
power
and causes a lot of damage to the city
while rushing towards his
daughter he breaks buildings cars and
scares a lot of people in the process
as the store owners rush towards the
rooftop mr
kim is pushed to the edge of the railing
just before he falls to his death
heon manages to catch him and carries
him to safety
he then rushes into a building full of
police
and throws them around like ragdolls the
last guy standing begged for mercy
as he didn't think his salary was worth
the beating
the police arrives at the rooftop and
captures roomie
while they beat up everyone with their
batons
heon arrives and continues to manhandle
all the bad guys
the container carrying roomy gets
knocked over
in the chaos and she nearly falls to her
death
he unsees this and pulls the crate
towards the rooftop
she trips and falls but here manages to
catch her in the last minute
heon puts his daughter on the rooftop
and says goodbye to her
he flies off to the police officers to
turn himself
in but before he gets handcuffed he
knocks mr min
unconscious in a glorious fashion
four years later keon leaves the prison
and is picked up by roomies boyfriend
he tells him that they're getting
married very soon
the plaza was taken down but it never
began construction
due to the inflated price and corruption
of the company
they arrive at roomies new shop with
many customers
she sees her father and after a moment
of hesitation
she welcomes him warmly by telling him
to help her out with the waitressing
gion uses his power to levitate the
beers to customers
and screams that he still got it we see
at the last moment
that rumi named this new shop under her
father
[Music]
so what do you guys think about this
movie let me know in the comments below
and if you like my video please press
like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time